Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Trey?
Hey, baby girl.
Where did you go last night, Daddy?
Ohh, come here.
You want to get married someday, Alice?
I do.
Then never ask a man where he's been.
Morning.
Hey.
Cook you some eggs?
Uh, no time. Sorry.
Who's calling?
Telemarketer or something.
I-I made you a sandwich... Ham and cheese.
Appreciate it. I got to run.
Seems like you've always got to run.
Better busy than not, right?
It means things are working out.
Baby gets a new pair of shoes... Maybe two.
I'm really proud of you, Teddy.
You took a risk.
This rim business takes... courage,
and it takes faith.
Yeah, faith.
I'll see you tonight.
Hello?
You have a collect call from...
Daniel.
Will you accept the charges?
Um... yes.
Oh, sh-shit!
Good morning.
I'm sorry, Ted.
I've heard worse.
No, I mean... I'm sorry about the kitchen,
about... how things are.
I'm getting kind of used to it.
I thought he'd stay home for a while.
I really did.
He'll turn up.
You just see how damaged he is.
You just wonder if he'll ever be...
It's still early. He hasn't been out long.
I never really believed
he would get out, Ted.
Not the way Amantha believes.
I just couldn't have that kind of hope.
I know you couldn't.
Lately, I've had this... Gnawing guilt
that... if I believed in him enough,
if I'd loved him enough, I could help more
in getting him out of that dreadful place.
If Amantha hadn't been Amantha,
he'd still be in there, Ted.
You're being too hard on yourself, now.
Every time I see him,
I think about how I've failed him.
You've lost perspective, Janet.
You're just not seeing
things clearly right now.
That's kind.
But I think I'm seeing
things very clearly, Ted.
I'm sorry about what I said the other day,
about this being his house first.
You... you saved this house, Ted.
You saved the store, this family.
You saved me.
But I've never loved
you the way you deserved.
And I'm very sorry about that.
It's not too late, is it?
I knew you could never love me
the same way you loved Lester.
I knew that.
Or the way you might
have if Daniel hadn't...
If things had been different.
Not saying I liked it, but I understood.
So I imagine I can accept you
wanting to make things better between us.
After you called, I just
got in the car, and I left.
I've never done anything that impulsive,
not in my whole life.
I can't remember the last
time I-I used a pay phone...
The last time I saw one, even.
They're hard to find.
But it felt good
to use a telephone that
wasn't smarter than me.
Are you okay, Daniel?
The only time that I've ever felt okay
was when I was with you.
Well, we... we'd better get on the road,
so we can get back before...
I suppose we should.
Let's just see if he's here.
And if he's not?
She'll know something's up.
- She's my mother.
- Exactly.
Then I'll have to tell her.
Maybe Daniel will just fire me.
He won't fire you. You're free.
Well, at least he's
getting his money's worth.
I'm sorry, Jon.
We're dysfunctional... You included.
But it's better you're
here to fill in the gaps
when she starts asking all those questions.
Mama?
Oh. Hey, Mom.
Hey.
We just thought we'd stop by.
Okay.
Is Daniel here, by chance?
What's wrong?
That took 10 seconds.
We almost moved here, me and
Ted, after we got married.
Florida?
Teddy wanted to start a new
branch of the tire store,
break out on his own.
He had all these grand plans.
But he just couldn't leave town.
Couldn't leave his family.
It's not easy to leave
the only thing you've ever known.
How's he doing?
What do you mean?
Is he happy?
Lately... he's been happy.
I'm glad.
What is it, Daniel?
I'm not a good person, Tawney.
I don't believe that.
I'm telling you the truth.
How's retirement suiting you?
Ain't took to it yet.
I hope there's no hard feelings still.
If it wasn't you, been
somebody else took my job, Carl.
Guess folks are ready for a change.
Something's been gnawing at me.
That'll happen in this line of work.
When Holden got out,
he said you had doubts he was the killer.
You want to elaborate?
What would be the point, Carl?
You weren't surprised about
the DNA results, were you?
Wasn't shocked, no.
Why not?
We thought we were doing
the right thing, Carl.
And what was that?
- Prosecuting Holden.
- And now?
Roland was convinced.
Eventually, I became convinced, too.
But not initially.
There were some
conflicting stories at first
with the kids and all.
What stories?
But Holden put an end to that.
By confessing.
What happened in that
interrogation room, C.J.?
You don't get the truth too easily, Carl.
You know that.
So we put pressure on him.
He seemed like... A boy who was lying,
saying he couldn't remember things,
saying he didn't recall,
said that he was with a girl for a while.
And we would press him for details.
He ever ask for a lawyer?
Not that I recall.
Anyway, we kept talking to him,
and eventually, he started coming around.
- To the confession?
- Yeah.
And now you think it might
have been forced or coerced?
Didn't think there was
such a thing back then.
Now... I'm not certain either way.
But could I see how it might have happened?
In hindsight.
I'm not looking to go after you, C.J.,
or Roland or anybody.
I just want to make sure
we get it right this time
before it's too late.
What?
After Holden confessed
and the trial was over,
George Melton asked to see me.
- What did he say?
- I don't know.
I wouldn't talk to him.
Why wouldn't you talk to him?
It was over.
We believed that we had our man.
That poor girl was in the ground.
The town was beginning to settle down.
It was too late. It was just too late.
Mom, they're just looking for a way out.
They're also trying to save face.
If we push back too hard,
it could become personal,
and then all bets are off.
Become personal?
For the D.A., not the original players.
I can't imagine Mr. Foulkes
being behind a plea deal.
He's a narcissist.
Well, I'm sure he's aware of it.
Miss person is pragmatic, if nothing else.
Does she even care whether
he's guilty or innocent?
I don't know.
I don't like her already.
Well, at least she plays
by rules I can understand.
I still don't like her.
Oh, hey, Jared.
I didn't know you were here.
I had to pick up something.
What's up?
Just having a discussion.
Okay. Cool.
Jared. Have you seen Daniel?
Uh, not since he took my bike yesterday.
- Took your bike?
- Yesterday.
Why didn't you say anything, honey?
Since when do we start telling everybody
everything around here?
My dad used to bring us
out here when we were kids.
I just wanted you to see it, that's all.
It's lovely.
You've seen it before.
Doesn't change the fact
that it's beautiful.
Why did you want me to get saved, Tawney?
'Cause I wanted... you to have salvation.
I wanted you to know peace.
I still want that for you.
And do you know peace, Tawney?
Sometimes.
And you think that peace comes from God?
I know it doesn't come from ourselves.
Do you believe that, or
do you have to believe that
because otherwise, life
would be intolerable for you?
I believe that because it's true.
Or is it true because you believe it?
Yes, both, I guess.
So if I believe there is no God,
then there is no God.
It's not the same thing.
Why not?
'Cause you're just lost, Daniel.
Something we can agree upon.
I know God loves you, Daniel.
You said that before.
Or was it Jesus who loved me?
They both do.
Do you love me, Tawney?
I'm married, Daniel.
Then why did you make me
feel the way you made me feel?
I didn't mean to. I'm sorry.
Did you feel that way?
You saved me, Tawney. Not some God.
Then you forsook me.
And now I'm lost.
I know there's... There's
good in you, Daniel.
And that goodness is God.
You don't know me, Tawney.
You only think you know me.
You only see what you want to see.
You don't know the
despicable things I've done.
It doesn't change that
it's there... your goodness.
But if you keep that goodness to yourself
and you don't share it with the world,
that's a greater sin than anything
you think you might have done in the past.
Anything... I might have done?
Yes.
Anything.
I better go.
You're gonna me a wonderful mother, Tawney.
Congratulations.
Daniel.
I don't regret coming to get you today.
But I can't do it again.
And I won't.
I know.
Hey.
Hey, buddy.
I'm sorry. I-I...
I'm sure you've all been worried.
It's okay, honey.
I've been biking.
I need to talk to you, Daniel, in private.
It's why I've been calling you.
Is it a secret what you need to tell me?
It should have been.
I'm sorry, Daniel.
I haven't been a very good lawyer lately.
I haven't been a very good client.
What is this secret that is not a secret?
The district attorney has informed me
that she's prepared to
offer you a plea deal.
It would be time served plus 10 years.
I think I can negotiate that down to 5.
Would they go for 3?
I could try.
How about 2?
Sure.
See, Amantha? It is a game.
Uh, we haven't worked
out the details, but...
Does it matter if I'm guilty or not?
What are you doing, Daniel?
Clarifying.
To those representing
the law, it should matter,
but in this case, at this point in time,
I would speculate
that it's a secondary concern to them.
Well, that's a relief.
Go on, Jon.
If you were to take this deal,
there is no possible
way the state of Georgia
could ever execute you for this crime.
Seems only reasonable.
But if I don't take the
deal, accept the deal...?
The D.A. is saying
she'll take you to trial.
And if I take the deal...?
Depending on what's negotiated,
you will eventually,
with some stipulations,
be free.
But it won't be freedom, Daniel.
You will have to say that you killed Hanna,
live the rest of your life
as a convicted murderer,
sex offender...
I won't admit to that.
To what?
That I raped her.
Is that possible, Jon?
I could certainly bring that to the D.A.
What are you doing, Daniel?
Discussing a plea deal.
Did I miss something, Amantha?
Are you saying you want to
go through with this, honey?
I don't know, mother. It
was just presented to me.
Right now...
I would like to take a bath.
Mighty quiet in there, Danny boy.
Now, I have been talking to you all day,
and you've yet to say a word in return.
That's just rude, son.
It appears that you have forgotten
your papal instruction.
What was it that the, uh...
That old preacher man said to you?
Charlie? Charlie the cheeseburger?
He said, uh, "you got to reach out, boy.
You got to engage."
And there are so many
ways to engage in here.
But therein lies the conflict...
How to engage in the world,
yet still ignore sweet Wendall.
It ain't possible.
You can't have one without the other.
Can't have love without hate,
light without darkness,
heaven without hell.
You can't engage without engaging me.
Heaven and hell.
You're afraid, Wendall.
Shit, boy.
I ain't scared of nothing.
I've never realized it till just now.
What am I afraid of?
Silence.
Just 'cause a man likes to
talk don't mean he's afraid.
Ah, there's more than one kind of silence.
In the real world, you can live in denial,
but not in here, not with
your death on the docket.
How long you got left, Wendall?
I bet you already know.
I bet you're counting the days.
And I bet you're terrified.
Do you think you're above it, Holden? Hmm?!
We ain't that different, you and me.
Two sides of the same coin.
We're not even the same currency.
Yeah, you would like to
think that, wouldn't you?
But even if I was
some no-good bastard
who was afraid to die,
you are just a punk-ass
bitch who is afraid to live.
Two sides. Same coin.
Which is worse?
He can't make a decision right now,
not on something this big.
You heard him. He's not
thinking right, Mom.
That's not gonna change
anytime soon, Amantha.
His thinking.
They're not gonna re-try
him, I just know it.
There are 1,000 cases where
they've prosecuted with less.
But if he even starts
thinking about the possibility of it, Jon.
God knows you have earned the right
to tell him how you feel, Amantha,
and you should, but ultimately,
it's... it's his life, honey.
How many conversations...
Conversations?
Have you had about me over the years?
For me, for... for... For my benefit?
I-I-I hope that
can end one day.
I hope that you can talk
about something... else,
like vacations or chihuahuas.
I feel like grilling something.
Can we do that?
I don't see why not.
Steak. A big, fat steak.
I want to hear the fat
hit the fire, smell it.
Mr. Stern, tell them no more
time... zero, not one day.
I can do that, Daniel,
but I'm worried that it
would be a deal-breaker.
A plea deal-breaker.
Yes. The political cost
would be too high for them
to just let you walk away.
Ms. Holden, you have the floor.
I say we call their bluff right now.
Mother?
I say we call Ted
and ask him to pick up
some big, fat steaks.
We have a plan.
I'm gonna fire up that grill.
Smells nice.
I-I made you that mac and cheese you like,
the one we were gonna have a few weeks ago.
Date night.
I-I screwed that up pretty good, huh?
We all make mistakes.
Maybe we can try again.
I'll set the table.
That was a fine steak, brother.
I liked it, too.
Well... I'm off to Thrifty Town.
You working tonight?
I am, mother.
Kind of looking forward to it, too.
You're changing, sister.
I'm trying.
I hope you know what you're doing, Daniel.
Me too.
Hey.
I only want what's best for him.
I'm not saying I know exactly what that is.
It's not a plea deal.
So, I'll go to the D.A. with your request.
It's not a request.
Understood.
I'd like to listen to the tape.
Tape?
My confession.
I haven't heard it since
the trial, and I'd like to.
It's on my laptop in my car.
It's not something that I
want anybody else to know,
even in the family.
Understood.
Hey, buddy.
What's going on?
Uh, well
Daniel's been offered a plea deal,
so they're discussing it.
A plea deal?
It's a way to make sure
he never has to go back to prison.
By saying he did it.
It's... it's not...
I don't think he's made up his mind
on what he wants to do.
But if he takes a deal, he's
gonna say he killed Hanna.
It's a way to... to move on, I guess.
So he did it.
No. Son, no.
Wait, t-then why would he say he did?
I don't understand.
Uh, I don't fully
understand it all, myself,
to be honest.
Did you have a good day?
Uh, same old, same old.
How about you?
Nothing to speak of, really.
I came home at lunch today.
I made you a lunch, Teddy.
I know.
I just wanted to see you, I guess.
That's nice.
So, where'd you go?
I just had some errands to run.
Boring stuff.
Tawney, I know how hard
you work around here.
I never meant to suggest otherwise.
It's okay, Ted.
- Hey, little bro.
- Hey.
Everything okay?
Uh, yeah, Dad said
maybe I should come over.
I hope that's okay.
Oh, you kidding? Come on in.
We're just finishing up dinner.
Have you eaten yet, Jared?
Oh, I'm okay.
You haven't. I'm gonna fix you a plate.
Ted, did you want to grab the silverware?
- I'm on it.
- No, really, I'm fine.
Come on, you can't turn
down Tawney's Mac and cheese.
That's one of the biggest sins.
- Might even be in the Bible.
- Now.
I could eat a little bit, I guess.
So that's teenager for, "I'm starving."
Can I get you something to drink?
- Uh, sure.
- You want a beer?
- Teddy.
- Oh.
Mama said, "no big-boy beer.
Only little-man beer."
Root beer for you, buddy.
So, what's up?
Uh, nothing much.
Dad didn't send you over here for nothing.
Oh.
Uh, it's about Daniel.
There's a shocker. What did he do now?
Did nothing yet, but they
offered him some plea deal.
A plea deal.
Yeah, you know, to s-say he did it.
You mean to say he killed Hanna?
Then he goes free, Dad said.
Did you know about this?
How would I know about it, Ted?
I don't know. I didn't
know if somebody called.
I think it just happened today.
Dad said it was a way for him to move on.
But I still don't get why he'd
say he did it if he didn't.
I don't know why he said it
the first time, much less.
I'm sure he's got his reasons.
I think I'm gonna go lie down.
Are you feeling okay?
I'm just tired, that's all.
Oh. I got it. I'll clean up.
Good night, Jared.
It's nice to have you over here.
You should come by more often.
I'll be up in a little bit.
Okay.
You want a beer?
Sure.
You hardly touched your beer.
Yeah.
I don't really like
the taste, to be honest.
First you hate it, then you love it.
It's called beer.
I won't let it go to waste, though.
You think Bobby Dean's
gonna try and hurt him again
when he finds out?
Hard to say.
Put yourself in Bobby's shoes.
Mm-hmm.
What would you do?
Um, I guess I should probably head home.
You know, Mom will worry.
You want a ride?
- No, I'm fine.
- Hey.
You're nothing like him,
if you're ever worried about that.
I'm not worried.
Be safe, buddy.
Yeah. Good night.
A lot on your plate, huh?
You know, we've been thinking
about getting you some help.
With the kitchen, I mean.
I destroyed it.
It's not destroyed.
I don't know what I was thinking.
Everybody does things they regret, Daniel.
You still got time to make it right.
Maybe so.
You're a good man, Ted.
I'm glad you married my mother.
You know, I don't know if you
made your mind up yet or not.
But if your mama could have
you here in the free world
forever and always,
well, the rest is just the small stuff.
Excuse me, Daniel.
Hello? This is Ted Talbot.
Who's calling?
This is certainly unexpected.
Tonight?
I suppose I could if it's urgent.
Okay, then. See you there.
She wanted to see what it was like.
You mean sex?
Mushrooms.
You gave a 16-year-old
girl psycho-active drugs?
And why would you do that?
I shouldn't have.
So, call me as soon as possible,
madam district attorney,
and we can discuss where we go from here.
But, as I said, Daniel
will not go back to prison,
and any further discussion
has to start right there.
The sex wasn't consensual, was it, Daniel?
I left.
After the sex, you mean?
No, I-I don't know when.
Well, there were others.
You mean, with her?
Doing things with her?
How did you know there were others?
I saw them.
Daniel, you know what happened.
She was pretty beat up down there.
Wounds like that... A
young man has to be angry.
Do you get angry a lot, Daniel?
Lose your temper?
You got in a fight with her, didn't you?
I told you I don't remember.
Look at these photos again.
- I don't want to.
- Look at them.
I gathered some flowers.
You already said that.
I want you to look at
that poor girl's neck.
What does that look like to you?
Somebody hurt her.
You were with her.
We got eyewitnesses, son.
I-I was with her, but I left.
Where'd you go?
Wandering.
Can anybody verify that?
You said I could see my father.
That you, honey?
And you will.
As soon as you come clean.
Did you get what you needed at the store?
I've been waiting for you.
Unburden yourself, son.
You put your hands around her neck.
You squeezed... And squeezed...
And squeezed.
Sync & Corrections by Darcade
- Addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org